iOS legacy 3.2.1 release (#852)
Concordium/concordium.github.io: source/mainnet/net/release-notes/release-notes-lp.rst

|mw-gen1| for iOS
-----------------

    August 8, 2023

>         |mw-gen1| 3.2.1 ensures support for the upcoming P6 protocol update.

Reviewer: I thought the P in P6 stood for protocol 6. Assuming that is correct, it reads a bit funny "the upcoming protocol 6 protocol update".

Reviewer 2: Maybe this?

```suggestion
        |mw-gen1| 3.2.1 ensures support for the upcoming protocol version 6.
```
